README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Leaderboard

> This project is a simple leaderboard website that displays scores submitted by different players. It also allows you to submit your score.

## Built With

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript
- Node.js (npm) & Webpack.
- Jest(for testing).

## Live Demo (if available)

[**See Project 🚀**](https://davezag.github.io/Leaderboard/)

## Screenshot

### Desktop

![Preview](./preview/preview-desk.png)

### Mobile

<p align = "center">
<img  src="./preview/preview-mob.png" alt="Mobile preview"/>
</p>

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

To understand the project you must have a basic knowledge of HTML, CSS and Javascript.

### Setup

To run this project one must have Visual Studio (VS) Code installed and running.

### Usage

Clone and access the repository using the following commands on Git Bash:

```
 cd PATH
 git clone https://github.com/DaveZag/Leaderboard.git
 cd Leaderboard
```

Open the directory in visual studio code by typing the following command in Git Bash:

```
code .
```

Then using the live server of VS Code you can open the index.html file in the dist folder.

## Repo Links

- Repository: [Leaderboard](https://github.com/DaveZag/Leaderboard)

## Author

👤 **Dave ZAGABE**

## Socials

- GitHub: [@Dave Zag](https://github.com/DaveZag)
- Twitter: [@Dave Zagabe](https://twitter.com/davezagabe2)
- LinkedIn: [@Dave Zagabe](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dave-zagabe)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Microverse for the template and project structure.

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

Commit message:

Update readme file infos
Align main  header to the left

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Leaderboard

> This project is a simple leaderboard website that displays scores submitted by different players. It also allows you to submit your score.

## Built With

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript
- Node.js (npm) & Webpack.
- Jest(for testing).

## Live Demo (if available)

[**See Project 🚀**](https://davezag.github.io/Leaderboard/)

## Screenshot

### Desktop

![Preview](./preview/preview-desk.png)

### Mobile

<p align = "center">
<img  src="./preview/preview-mob.png" alt="Mobile preview"/>
</p>

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

To understand the project you must have a basic knowledge of HTML, CSS and Javascript.

### Setup

To run this project one must have Visual Studio (VS) Code installed and running.

### Usage

Clone and access the repository using the following commands on Git Bash:

```
 cd PATH
 git clone https://github.com/DaveZag/Leaderboard.git
 cd Leaderboard
```

Open the directory in visual studio code by typing the following command in Git Bash:

```
code .
```

To install all the dependencies and start the program, use the following commands:

```
npm install
npm start
```

## Repo Links

- Repository: [Leaderboard](https://github.com/DaveZag/Leaderboard)

## Author

👤 **Dave ZAGABE**

## Socials

- GitHub: [@Dave Zag](https://github.com/DaveZag)
- Twitter: [@Dave Zagabe](https://twitter.com/davezagabe2)
- LinkedIn: [@Dave Zagabe](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dave-zagabe)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Microverse for the template and project structure.

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.
